Add limit token filter docs (#8159)
opensearch-project/documentation-website: _analyzers/token-filters/limit.md

---
layout: default
title: Limit
parent: Token filters
nav_order: 250
---

# Limit token filter

> The `limit` token filter is used to limit the number of tokens that are passed through the analysis chain.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `limit` token filter is used to limit the number of tokens passed through the analysis chain.
```

## Parameters

The `limit` token filter can be configured with the following parameters.

Parameter | Required/Optional | Data type | Description
:--- | :--- | :--- | :--- 
`max_token_count` | Optional | Integer | The maximum number of tokens to be generated. Default is `1`.

> `consume_all_tokens` | Optional | Boolean | (Expect level setting) Use all tokens from tokenizer, even if result exceeds `max_token_count`. When this parameter is set, the output still only contains the number of tokens specified in `max_token_count`. However, all tokens generated by the tokenizer are processed. Default is `false`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`consume_all_tokens` | Optional | Boolean | (Expect level setting) Uses all tokens from the tokenizer, even if the result exceeds `max_token_count`. When this parameter is set, the output still only contains the number of tokens specified by `max_token_count`. However, all tokens generated by the tokenizer are processed. Default is `false`.
```

> 

Reviewer: Line 19: What does "(Expect level setting)" mean?

Reviewer 2: Expert 😄 Thanks for the catch.

Reviewer: YW, but should be "Expert-level setting" in that case 😄
